hey everyone chef Jason Hill here and my
wife finally perfected her hummus recipe
and I've been wanting to make a video on
it for a while now so we're gonna do it
this goes really good on sandwich spread
you can put it in your wraps or just set
it out as a dip with your favorite chips
so let's get started first we're going
to start with two 15 ounce cans of
garbanzo beans also known as chickpeas
that we drained and if you want a real
creamy texture to your hummus you can
take the time and remove the paper thin
outer layer of the bean that that's a
lot of work I've got a pretty powerful
blender so I'm just going to let it chop
that up okay while our beans are
draining we're going to get together the
rest of our ingredients you need four
lemons we need the juice from them catch
the seeds you don't want the seeds in
there now we're going to take two large
jalapenos cut off the top cut them
lengthwise down the middle and I just
use a little melon baller to scrape out
the seeds and leave the seeds in if you
like but we scrape them out and it's not
quite as spicy that way all right I put
together the last few ingredients and
now it's time to blend and check this
out I am coming out of 1992 and retiring
this austere Iser blender that we've had
forever and getting with the modern
blending times I now have a Blendtec
designer 725 this thing there is no
comparison to a regular blender so if
you do a lot of blending smoothies
whatever it's worth the investment in
this thing since I'm making a larger
batch of the hummus I'm going to use my
Wildside jar but I also have the twister
jar if you want to half this recipe and
you have that jar with the Blendtec I
recommend that one and from some of the
research I've done when you're blending
you want to start with your liquid
ingredients first so there's our juice
of four lemons followed by four
tablespoons of extra-virgin olive oil
next two tablespoons of tahini which is
a paste of sesame seeds next I'm going
to add a teaspoon of my garlic shallot
puree or if you don't have that just use
two cloves of garlic next we're going to
throw in a healthy tablespoon of ground
cumin followed by a teaspoon of kosher
or sea salt and then our chickpeas or
garbanzo beans a weird name like
chickpeas has a weird chick in it okay
if you want you can stop right here
blend this up for a traditional hummus
but since my wife likes her spicy
versions of things we're going to take
it to the next level and put in our
jalapenos and then last is a cup of
rinsed cilantro leaves to thin out the
hummus and make it a little more creamy
you may need to add a little water
during the blending process so I'm going
to put in about a half a cup let's put
our lid on nice and tight and let's let
the Blendtec do its magic okay we're
going to turn the power on check out
this cool digital display feature you
have a few choices there I'm going to go
with the dip which is this one right
here okay let's get ready to rock and
roll
it smells
well there you have it homemade hummus
one little tip if you're going to serve
this make it that day ahead of time let
it sit the refrigerator overnight all
the flavors will blend together better
let's try it
mmm man that's good
good job camera lady give it a try guys
mmm
I could eat this whole thing for more
simple and delicious recipes click on
these links and please don't forget to
Like share and subscribe